docs: clarify queries' usage (#586)
DeepRank/deeprank2: README.md

DeepRank2 is an open-source deep learning (DL) framework for data mining of protein-protein interfaces (PPIs) or single-residue variants (SRVs). This package is an improved and unified version of three previously developed packages: [DeepRank](https://github.com/DeepRank/deeprank), [DeepRank-GNN](https://github.com/DeepRank/Deeprank-GNN), and [DeepRank-Mut](https://github.com/DeepRank/DeepRank-Mut).

> As input, DeepRank2 takes [PDB-formatted](https://www.cgl.ucsf.edu/chimera/docs/UsersGuide/tutorials/pdbintro.html) atomic structures, and map them to graphs, where nodes can represent either residues or atoms, as chosen by the user, and edges represent the interactions between them. The user can configure two types of 3D structures as input for the featurization phase:

Reviewer: The structures are (or at least can be) the same between the two, it's the problem you're trying to solve with them that is different in the two query types.

```suggestion
As input, DeepRank2 takes [PDB-formatted](https://www.cgl.ucsf.edu/chimera/docs/UsersGuide/tutorials/pdbintro.html) atomic structures, and map them to graphs, where nodes can represent either residues or atoms, as chosen by the user, and edges represent the interactions between them. DeepRank2 has the option to choose between two types of queries as input for the featurization phase:
```

Author: Fair point! Edited :)

The `Query` parent class takes as inputs:

- a `.pdb` file, representing the molecular structure,
- the resolution (`"residue"` or `"atom"`), i.e. whether each node should represent an amino acid residue or an atom,
- the ids of the chains composing the structure, and
- optionally, the correspondent position-specific scoring matrices (PSSMs), in the form of `.pssm` files.

Then in particular, for the `SingleResidueVariantQuery` child class:

- `chain_ids` represents the chain identifier of the variant residue (generally a single capital letter). Note that this does not limit the structure to residues from this chain. The structure contained in the `.pdb` can thus have any number of chains.

For the `ProteinProteinInterfaceQuery` child class:

- `chain_ids` represents the chain identifiers of the interacting interfaces (generally a single capital letter each). Note that this does not limit the structure to residues from these chains. But `chain_ids` must contain exactly 2 chains, since right now the code-base handles mono interfaces only.

> 

Author: I like it more :) I slightly edited and added it.
